Remaining section review (#11)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/cookbook/ajax_phalanx.md

## Workflow

Ajax requests use POST or GET methods (configured in hoplites):

- GET should be used for most requests except of sensitive data. GET requests can be cached.
- POST should be used to send sensitive information. POST requests are never cached.

> All Ajax requests go the same URL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Ajax requests use the same URL:
```
???

``` yaml
silversolutions_phalanx:
    path: /_ajax_/phalanx
    defaults:
        _controller: SilversolutionsEshopBundle:Ajax:phalanx
```

> `AjaxController` then decides which `AjaxSubController` the request is forwarded to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AjaxController` then decides to which `AjaxSubController` forward the request.
```

> `AjaxController` then decides which `AjaxSubController` the request is forwarded to.

Author: ```suggestion
`AjaxController` then decides to which `AjaxSubController` to forward the request.
```

> This depends on the parameters that needs to be send from the hoplite.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This depends on the parameters that need to be send from the hoplite.  
```
